(DOCSP-27962) Document React Native Polyfills for RN .watch() method (#2712)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/react-native/app-services/query-mongodb.txt

specifies a document that changed, how it changed, and the full document after
the operation that caused the event.

``collection.watch()`` returns an :mdn:`async generator
<Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for-await...of#Iterating_over_async_generators>`
that allows you to asynchronously pull :manual:`change events
</reference/change-events/>` for operations as they occur.

``collection.watch()`` requires some set up to work with a React Native client

> app. You need the :npm:`react-native-polyfill-globals </packagereact-native-polyfill-globals/>`
> and :npm:`@babel/plugin-proposal-async-generator-functions 
> </package/@babel/plugin-proposal-async-generator-functions>` packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
app. To watch a collection for changes, you must first install the :npm:`react-native-polyfill-globals </packagereact-native-polyfill-globals/>`
and :npm:`@babel/plugin-proposal-async-generator-functions 
</package/@babel/plugin-proposal-async-generator-functions>` packages.
```

**To use collection.watch():** 

#. Install dependencies.

   .. code-block:: bash
   
      npm install react-native-polyfill-globals text-encoding
      npm install --save-dev @babel/plugin-proposal-async-generator-functions

> #. Import polyfills in ``index.js``.

Reviewer: must it be in index.js or can it just be on a higher scope than where you use the polyfills?

Author: Ah, good point. Should be able to import anywhere that's a higher scope than the polyfills themselves.

Watch for All Changes in a Collection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

With the ``@realm/react`` package, make sure you have 
:ref:`configured user authentication <react-native-configure-authentication>`
for your app.

To watch for all changes in a collection, call :js-sdk:`collection.watch()

> <Realm.MongoDBCollection.html#watch>` with no arguments. This call must be inside
> of ``UserProvider`` with an authenticated user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Realm.MongoDBCollection.html#watch>` with no arguments. This call must be
wrapped by a ``UserProvider`` with an authenticated user.
```
